Questions: 

1. Where is Fort William located?
Options: Chennai, Goa, Kolkata, Mysore
Answer: Kolkata

2. The weight of diamonds is usually measured in what? 
Options: Tola, Carat, Maund, Troy
Answer: Carat

3. Vasant, Vinod, Mahasukh, Gautam and Rajesh are brothers related to whih of these business families?
Options: Hinduja, Adani, Ambani, Ruia
Answer: Adani

4. Who was the first Indian woman wrestler to win a gold medal at the Asian Games?
Options: Sakshi Malik, Babita Kumari, Vinesh Phogat, Kavita Devi
Answer: Vinesh Phogat

5. Which of these viruses takes it's name from a place in Malaysia?
Options: Nipah, Ebola, Influenza, HIV
Answer: Nipah

6. Which of these planets has a solid surface? 
Options: Mars, Saturn, Jupiter, Uranus
Answer: Mars

7. Who holds the Guinness World Record for the oldest person to be elected for the first time as PM of a nation? 
Options: P V Narasimha Rao, Chaudhary Charan Singh, Morarji Desai, H D Deve Gowda
Answer: Morarji Desai

8. Who wrote the patriotic song "Qadam qadam badhaye jaa, khushi ke geet gaaye jaa, ye zindagi hai qaum pe lutaaye jaa"?
Options: Maithili Sharan Gupt, Kavi Pradeep, Gopaldas Neeraj, Pandit Vanshidhar Shukla
Answer: Pandit Vanshidhar Shukla

9. What discovery in 1823 is credited to the British official Robert Bruce?
Options: Oil, Tea, Murga Silk, Jute
Answer: Tea

10. In 2014,on which ground did India win a test match after 28 years?
Options: The Oval, MCG, Lord’s, Bristol
Answer: Lord's

11. Which of these animals is the largest member of the dog family?
Options: Jackal, Hyena, Wolf, Fox 
Answer: Wolf

12. Of what is a kilobyte a unit?
Options: Speed of light, Intensity of earthquakes, Speed of bullet trains, Computer memory or data
Answer: Computer memory or data

13. Who is the head of the National Disaster Management Authority of India?
Options: Union Environment Minister, President, Prime Minister, Union Home Minister
Answer: Prime Minister

14. In Which of the following places would you find yaks in their natural habitat? 
Options: Ladakh, Shekhawati region, Chota Nagpur plateau. Vidarbha
Answer: Ladakh

15. In the Ramayana, which of these kings was cursed that he would die out of agony of separation from his son ? 
Options: Dashrath, Rama, Bharata, Janaka
Answer: Dashrath

16. Which country’s national anthem has different lyrics for each of the country’s four official languages – French, German, Italian, and Romansh ?
Options: Liechtenstein, Austria, Switzerland, Romania
Answer: Switzerland

17. In India, 14 september is annually celebrated as what 'diwas' ?
Options: Sanskrit Diwas, Antariksha Diwas, Saksharta Diwas, Hindi Diwas
Answer: Hindi Diwas

18. Which of these states was carved out in 1972 from United Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills districts of Assam ?
Options: Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Sikkim
Answer: Meghalaya

19. Who was first appointed Field Marshal of the Indian Army ?
Options: K M Cariappa, Arjan Singh, PN Thapar, Sam Manekshaw
Answer: Sam Manekshaw

20. Lakshmana, Bharata and Shatrughna are also known by which names? 
Options: Ramanuja, Ramcharan, Ramakant, Ramapati 
Answer: Ramanuja

21. Whose persian translation of several Upanishads is known as ‘Sirr-e-Akbar’?
Options: Abul Fazal, Shah Waliullah Dehlvi, Dara Shikoh, Ahmad al-Sirhindi
Answer: Dara Shikoh

22. Which of these temples in Gujarat is the three-day dance festival ‘Uttarardh Mahotsav’ celebrated?
Options: Rukmini Temple, Dwarka; Somnath Temple, Somnath; Sun Temple, Modhera;  Bhalka Tirth, Somnath
Answer: Sun Temple, Modhera

23. In 2019, who became the youngest-ever member of the Lok Sabha?
Options: Tejasvi Surya, Chandrani Murmu, Raksha Khadse, Nusrat Jahan
Answer: Chandrani Murmu

24. Which is the first man-made plastic?
Options: Bakelite, Polythene, Celluloid, Parkesine
Answer: Parkesine

25. The Mahatma Gandhi IT and Biotechnology Park, inaugurated in June in Grand-Bassam, is in which African Country?
Options: Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, Ivory Coast
Answer: Ivory Coast

26. Which of these is the name of a Zodiac sign as well as a National Award winning Hindi film actor?
Options: Mesh, Dhanu, Mithun, Kumbha
Answer: Mithun

27. Which global retailer bought 77% of Flipkart for over 16 billion US Dollar in 2018?
Options: Amazon, Rakuten, Walmart, Tesco 
Answer: Walmart

28. In February 2017, ISRO created a world record by launching how many satellites through a single rocket?
Options: 34, 96, 104, 154
Answer: 104

29. Which is the largest joint in the human body?
Options: Elbow, Hip, Knee, Shoulder
Answer: Knee

30. Which Indian state had India’s first Muslim woman chief minister?
Options: Kerala, Jammu & Kashmir, Goa, Assam
Answer: Assam